feat: support status operation expressions in config context (#4767)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/50-user-guide/60-reference-docs/40-expressions.md

config:
  chartVersion: ${{ chartFrom("https://example.com/charts", "my-chart", warehouse("my-warehouse")).Version }}
```

### `success()`

> The `success()` function checks the status of all preceding steps and returns true if none of them have failed or errored and false otherwise.

Reviewer: Can you maintain the 80-character line width throughout the document?

Examples:

```yaml
config:
  wasSuccessful: ${{ success() }}
```

### `failure()`

The `failure()` function checks the status of all preceding steps and returns true if any of them have failed or errored and false otherwise.

Examples:

```yaml
config:
  wasFailure: ${{ failure() }}
```

### `always()`

The `always()` function unconditionally returns true.

Examples:

```yaml
config:
  alwaysTrue: ${{ always() }}
```

> ### `status(stepName)`

Reviewer: As the user defines an alias, I feel the following would be more self-explanatory.

```suggestion
### `status(stepAlias)`
```

> The `status(stepName)` function retrieves the status of a specific step by its alias
> within the current promotion context; returning its value as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `status(stepAlias)` function retrieves the current status of a step within the current promotion context and returns it as a string.
```

Examples:

```yaml
config:

>   status: ${{ status(stepName) }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  status: ${{ status("my-step-alias") }}
```
